dash-ll-server/README.md, before:

A local server to generate and serve a low-latency DASH stream

### Usage
1. Start the server in a terminal with `bash run_server.sh`
2. In a separate terminal, start ffmpeg with `bash run_gen.sh`
3. The DASH manifest will be located at http://localhost:9001/live/live.mpd

- Run `bash clean.sh` to wipe out the media directory

### Requirements
- python3
- MacOS (if not using MacOS, please follow the instructions below to change the input source)

### Changing the input source
By default, `gen_live_ingest.sh` will use AVFoundation's screen capture source as the input to ffmpeg. However, this input won't work on other operating systems. You'll need to replace [this line](./gen_live_ingest/#L49) with whatever source is appropriate for your OS, listed [here](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Capture/Desktop).


### Credits
All credit to FFLabs for the ffmpeg script and python server

- https://gitlab.com/fflabs/dash_server
- https://gitlab.com/fflabs/originjs/blob/master/extras/gen_live_ingest.sh

Commit message:

Stream from bbb instead of webcam at 4 renditions; update readme

dash-ll-server/README.md, after:

A local server to generate and serve a low-latency DASH stream

### Usage
1. Download the test stream located [here](http://distribution.bbb3d.renderfarming.net/video/mp4/bbb_sunflower_1080p_30fps_normal.mp4).
2. Move the test stream to this folder. Rename the stream to "bbb.mp4".
3. Start the server in a terminal with `bash run_server.sh`
4. In a separate terminal, start ffmpeg with `bash run_gen.sh`
5. The DASH manifest will be located at http://localhost:9001/live/live.mpd

### Requirements
- python3
- MacOS (if not using MacOS, please follow the instructions toe build ffmpeg from source)

### Building ffmpeg
The included ffmpeg asset is built for MacOS. If you're on different OS, you'll need to replace that binary with one you build yourself. Pull down the "dashll" branch here https://gitlab.com/fflabs/ffmpeg/tree/dashll and follow this guide: https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/CompilationGuide/Generic. Once finished, copy and replace the ffmpeg binary with your built one. Please open an issue if you're having trouble getting this running.


### Credits
All credit to FFLabs for the ffmpeg script and python server

- https://gitlab.com/fflabs/dash_server
- https://gitlab.com/fflabs/originjs/blob/master/extras/gen_live_ingest.sh
